DOCS-3086: Document 3DS2 exemptions (#2126)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/credit-and-debit-cards/3d-secure/_index.md

layout: 'single'
short_description: "Manage 3D Secure authentication for card payments."
url: '/cards/3ds2/'
aliases: 
    - /faq/risk-and-fraud/
    - /features/3d-secure/
    - /faq/payment-regulations/3D-secure
    - /payment-methods/credit-and-debit-cards/creditcards/what-is-3d-secure/
    - /faq/general/what-is-3d-secure
    - /faq/payment-regulations/about-3d-secure/
    - /security-and-legal/payment-regulations/about-3d-secure/
    - /faq/payment-regulations/3D-secure
    - /payment-methods/credit-and-debit-cards/creditcards/what-is-3d-secure/
    - /faq/general/what-is-3d-secure
    - /faq/payment-regulations/about-3d-secure/
    - /faq/payment-regulations/3d-secure-2
    - /features/3d-secure/versions/
    - /features/3d-secure/about/
    - /tools/server2server/3d-dynamics
    - /features/3d-secure/flexible/
    - /features/3d-secure/dynamic/
---

3D Secure 2.0 (3DS2) is an authentication protocol card schemes use to verify cardholder identity for online credit and debit card payments. Under [PSD2](/payment-regulations/psd2/), MultiSafepay is required to apply it to **all** Europe-based card payments, and we enable it by default for non-EU payments as well. 

> 3DS2 provides an extra layer of security and helps reduce fraud-related [chargebacks](/chargebacks/). If transaction passes 3DS2, the card scheme is responsible for chargeback costs instead of you.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by a transaction "passing" 3DS2? Maybe you mean that the customer successfully authenticates?

Author: Yes, that's what I mean. I'll try to clarify.

> 3DS2 provides an extra layer of security and helps reduce fraud-related [chargebacks](/chargebacks/). If transaction passes 3DS2, the card scheme is responsible for chargeback costs instead of you.

Author: ```suggestion
3DS2 provides an extra layer of security and helps reduce fraud-related [chargebacks](/chargebacks/). If a transaction is successfully authenticated using 3DS2, the card scheme is responsible for chargeback costs instead of you.
```
